Enhance README.md with detailed technical overview of the project (#5)
veraison/python-ear: README.md

# **python-ear**

> A Python library that implements the [draft-fv-rats-ear](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-fv-rats-ear/) specification, focusing on Evidence and Attestation Results (EAR) in Remote Attestation Procedures (RATS). This library enables secure handling of attestation claims using Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) Web Tokens (CWT) and JSON Web Tokens (JWT).  

Reviewer: a bit more concise and to the point:

```suggestion
A Python library that implements the EAT Attestation Result (EAR) data format, as specified in [draft-fv-rats-ear](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-fv-rats-ear/). This library provides implementations for both CBOR-based and JSON-based serialisations.
```

---

## **Overview**

The goal of this project is to align open-source verifiers with the RATS architecture by defining standardized evidence formats and attestation results, facilitating seamless integration with other projects such as **Keylime**.

> 

Reviewer: This is great, but it doesn't belong here.  Python-EAR is just one of the pieces in the overall "harmonisation" puzzle.  Here, we should keep a more narrow focus on the specifics of "attestation results harmonisation" through a shared information and data model.

Reviewer: > how about this @thomas-fossati
> 
> "The goal of this project is to standardize attestation results by defining a shared information and data model, enabling seamless integration with other components of the RATS architecture. This focuses specifically on harmonizing attestation results to facilitate interoperability between different verifiers."

That’s good.  One observation: the immediate scope is not to _"facilitate interoperability between different verifiers.”_ but rather between Verifiers and Relying Parties.

Author: yup,
